Reduce approval requirements in STYLE.md, close #1166 (#1169)
HoTT/HoTT: STYLE.md

[minor]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Minor_edit

### Approval of pull requests ###

Before being merged, pull requests must be approved by one or two of
the core developers, not counting whoever submitted it.  An approval
can be an official "Approving review" through the GitHub UI, or just a
comment such as LGTM ("Looks Good To Me").  Currently the rules are:

- Any objections or requested changes must be addressed somehow before
  merging (which doesn't always mean making the changes, but a
  discussion must be had and resolved).

- In general, a pull request should not be merged unless Travis CI
  confirms that it builds successfully.  Exceptions to this rule
  sometimes have to be made if the Travis configuration is broken for
  some unrelated reason, but in that case it is better if the
  person(s) approving the pull request confirms locally that it builds
  successfully.

  Note also that Travis doesn't automatically restart itself on a pull
  request when the master branch changes, so if other pull requests
  have been merged in the interval since a given pull request was

>   first submitted it may be necessary to manually restart Travis

Reviewer: If we keep this wording, we should update the Travis script to merge the latest master before running. Otherwise, we should make a note here about rebasing the PR.

Author: Thanks, fixed.

[minor]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Help:Minor_edit

### Approval of pull requests ###

Before being merged, pull requests must be approved by one or two of
the core developers, not counting whoever submitted it.  An approval
can be an official "Approving review" through the GitHub UI, or just a
comment such as LGTM ("Looks Good To Me").  Currently the rules are:

- Any objections or requested changes must be addressed somehow before
  merging (which doesn't always mean making the changes, but a
  discussion must be had and resolved).

- In general, a pull request should not be merged unless Travis CI
  confirms that it builds successfully.  Exceptions to this rule
  sometimes have to be made if the Travis configuration is broken for
  some unrelated reason, but in that case it is better if the
  person(s) approving the pull request confirms locally that it builds
  successfully.

>   Note also that Travis doesn't automatically restart itself on a pull

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Note also that Travis doesn't automatically incorporate new changes from master on a pull
```
My suggested wording is not the best, but it is less misleading than the existing wording.

Reviewer: Suggestion retracted based on @SkySkimmer's comment

  request when the master branch changes.  Thus, if other pull
  requests have been merged in the interval since a given pull request
  was first submitted, it may be necessary to rebase that pull request

>   against the new master and then manually restart Travis, to make

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  against the new master, to make
```
Travis should automatically restart itself when you force-push after rebasing.
